[Word] (tutorial) Add completed version (#603)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/tutorials/word-tutorial/README.md

---
page_type: sample
urlFragment: office-word-add-in-tutorial
products:
- office-word
- m365
languages:
- javascript
extensions:
  contentType: samples
  technologies:
  - Add-ins
  createdDate: 09/20/2023 4:00:00 PM
description: "A completed version of the step-by-step Word tutorial hosted on learn.microsoft.com."
---

# Word Tutorial - Completed

## Summary

This sample is the result of completing the [Tutorial: Create a Word task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/word-tutorial). It was constructed with the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/develop/yeoman-generator-overview).

The tutorial gives step-by-step instructions on how to add functionality alongside explanations as to why code is being added. Use this sample if you want to explore and try the completed code, or if you need to debug any issues you encountered while following the tutorial.

## Features

> This sample demonstrates the basics of working with a document in Word. The functions insert (and replace) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. The add-in also shows how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates the basics of working with a document in Word. The add-in inserts and replaces text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. The add-in also shows how to format text and how to manage content with content controls.
```

      ```command line
      npm run start:web -- --document {url}
      ```

      The following are examples.

      - `npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso.sharepoint.com/:t:/g/EZGxP7ksiE5DuxvY638G798BpuhwluxCMfF1WZQj3VYhYQ?e=F4QM1R`
      - `npm run start:web -- --document https://1drv.ms/x/s!jkcH7spkM4EGgcZUgqthk4IK3NOypVw?e=Z6G1qp`
      - `npm run start:web -- --document https://contoso-my.sharepoint-df.com/:t:/p/user/EQda453DNTpFnl1bFPhOVR0BwlrzetbXvnaRYii2lDr_oQ?e=RSccmNP`

      > NOTE: If you're developing on a Mac, enclose the {url} in single quotation marks. Don't do this on Windows.

      If your add-in doesn't sideload in the document, manually sideload it by following the instructions in [Manually sideload add-ins to Office on the web](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-office-add-ins-for-testing).

1. If the add-in task pane isn't already open in Word, go to the Home tab and choose the **Show Taskpane** button in the ribbon to open it.

> 1. Use the buttons in the task pane to interact with the document through your add-in, following the respective instructions from step 3 in the various "Test the add-in" sections of the [Tutorial: Create a Word task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/word-tutorial).

Reviewer: Most of the buttons are self-explanatory, so I think you can lean away from such detail. The intended audience is the "show me the code" folks anyway 😉 
```suggestion
1. Use the buttons in the task pane to interact with the document through your add-in. For details on the expected behavior of each button, see the "Test the add-in" sections of the [Tutorial: Create a Word task pane add-in](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/tutorials/word-tutorial).
```
